Humph
What does excellence wait for?
Get out of here
It's still embarrassing here
Director Ying
I am willing to guarantee the reputation of Blue Cloud Group
Xiao Fan can definitely cure your illness
If he can't be cured
I am willing to compensate you 100 million.
Wow, a billion.
Lu Chaoyue, although you have money and nowhere to spend, you want to burn a handful
But Blue Silver Group is not yours alone.
And Uncle Ying's real life
But not just you.
Mr. Lu, don't be angry
Even if you want to send 100 million to Yin Dong now
Then I'm afraid there is no chance.
Dong Yin only needs to take my special medicine now
You will be cured in half an hour at most.
Just your trash
I just want to cure Yin Dong's illness
Look at the door and dare to say that my special effects are rubbish
You are rubbish
Uncle Lin, find someone to throw them out
Well, if you don't want to die
Get out of his light now
It's not me who wants to die, it's you
If you did eat his garbage
Then you can't die anymore
I won the sea and I can live your life
Did the watchdog see it and understand?
Nothing happened at all
And my special effects
No problem.
Call now
Let someone raise a new billion for you.
Ahahahaha, I'll hand them over.
It's okay, don't worry.
It's this time
How dare you say it doesn't matter
I will be happy
Hey, hey, Uncle Lin